it never ends light versus dark
chocolate versus vanilla Android versus
iPhone in fact it's pointless to argue
which phone is better both have a bunch
of cool things you probably don't even
know about and now you'll learn the ones
that are hidden in androids if you don't
have a fitness tracker but want to know
your heart rate you can do it with the
LED flash and camera on your phone
download a special app and press your
finger to the flash the camera will scan
the redness of your finger to track the
amount of blood passing through just
don't push your finger too hard and
don't expect accurate results if your
camera isn't good there is a special app
for Android that lets you set the screen
orientation you can choose between
reverse portrait upside down force
landscape reverse landscape and force
Auto orientations from the notification
menu it'll help you use your device more
comfortably even if you hold it upside
down you can change display resolution
on your phone just like in video games
or on YouTube this allows you to save
battery power as well as speed up the
work of mobile games with high
requirements you can do this on your
computer but if you have root access you
can download a special app on your phone
and change the resolution without
connecting to a PC all gamers will
definitely like an app that improves
graphics for mobile games even if you
have an old phone this app tricks your
phone is if you're running the game on a
more powerful processor you'll need root
access here too though Android 10
features the focus mode it allows you to
block all apps to prevent messages or
notifications from distracting you apps
can be blocked separately or altogether
to activate the mode you need to
navigate to settings Digital well-being
and parental controls focus mode fill in
your contact information in advance to
help get your phone back if you lose it
open settings security owner info if you
type your contacts in the open window
they will show up on your lock screen
help
to find you Android developers hide
minigames that visually match the name
of the operating system version to find
the game go to settings about foam see
the Android version tap on it several
times and the image with the logo will
appear click on the image again and the
mini game will open Android users can
fine tune their phones by enabling the
special developer mode go to settings
tap about phone and build number seven
times after that you'll see the
developers functions here you can
configure the speed and quality of
communication as well as change the
system appearance and more if you own a
Google pixel phone you can enable the
live captions feature it can insert
subtitles automatically to any video
podcast or audio message you play on
your phone it can even work with
recorded video or audio files you don't
even need to have internet connection
for this to work and it doesn't send
data to Google everything is installed
locally Android 10 has a tool that turns
Wi-Fi info into a QR code that can be
scanned with another phone you can find
it in settings network and internet
Wi-Fi here you need to select the Wi-Fi
connection you want to share then click
the share button confirm your
fingerprint face scan or password and
your unique QR code will appear don't
rush to throw away your old Android
phone if it's slow you can install
special apps that will improve its
performance but again you need root
access
since these apps are not compatible with
the latest versions of Android also you
can tap the build number in the about
device section 7 times and reduce the
animation speed or disable them
completely it will reduce lagging and
make your phone faster Google added a
hidden panic mode function in Android
phones you can quickly get rid of
annoying ads and apps or the browser
thanks to this feature you need to
quickly tap the back button four times
and it will force return to the home
screen this feature can be activated
immediately or you need to enable it in
your phone settings depending on the
model owners of Samsung phones can
configure how calls are displayed on the
screen when someone calls you you can
see it on the full screen as a pop up or
turn the call notifications into tiny
floating objects how cute
such a call will not disrupt your work
on the phone with the Android 10 update
your phone can detect if there's
moisture or dirt in its USB port if this
happens your smartphone will give you a
notification in addition Android can
turn off the USB port to prevent it from
damage before you clear it now you no
longer need to dig through the settings
to figure out how to set up app
notifications and pop-ups just long
press a notification and you'll see two
options alerting and no sound you can
turn your phone into a walkie talkie
thanks to a special app setup this
transmitter with your friends select the
desired frequency and go if you're not
satisfied with the virtual keyboard on
your phone you can replace it you can
choose one from the Google Play
catalogue or set up your own background
image the most unusual way to save
battery power on your phone is to slow
down the CPU speed manually thanks to a
special app you can reduce the
performance of your phone to save charge
or accelerate the power to the maximum
to start a cool game or work in a heavy
app Google added an infrared camera so
you can unlock the phone with your face
in the dark if you download a special
app you can use this camera not only to
unlock your phone but also take photos
and videos in complete darkness this
feature is available by default on pixel
phones you can set a timer to work in
any app one hour a day to chat with
friends two hours a day on YouTube and
so on this will make it easier for you
to keep track of time if you use social
networks a lot you'll definitely like a
special app in which you can try
extreme chatting the app launches only
if you have 5% charge or less on your
phone so you chat with someone else and
risk switching it off at any time the
dialog becomes more fun inside
circumstances woo sooner or later
everybody could grow tired of bad news
we see in our feed if you want more good
ones in your life then try a special app
that offers you only beautiful and funny
images and posts from around the world
no bad news no sadness this is a media
space where you can relieve your stress
and lift your mood really
[Music]